Added tip for local mode error (#5856)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/configuration-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"EnableLocalMode": false`` with options ``true`` and ``false``. |
+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. tip::

>   If you're seeing the error ``socket file "/var/tmp/mattermost_local.socket" doesn't exists, please check the server configuration for local mode``, this error can be resolved by setting this configuration setting to ``true``.

Reviewer: nit: this error will come from `mmctl` so, maybe we can start the sentence with something like:
> When trying to use local mode with mmctl, having an error like ...

Author: Great suggestion! Thank you!

>   If you're seeing the error ``socket file "/var/tmp/mattermost_local.socket" doesn't exists, please check the server configuration for local mode``, this error can be resolved by setting this configuration setting to ``true``.

Author: ```suggestion
  When trying to use local mode with mmctl, an error like ``socket file "/var/tmp/mattermost_local.socket" doesn't exists, please check the server configuration for local mode``, can be resolved by setting this configuration setting to ``true``.
```
